here's your weekend ticket this is the
Oasis it's a place where the limits of
reality are your own imagination a young
hero searches for treasure in ready
player one this is war for control of a
picture I was everything he needed me to
be in agrimony a long-suffering wife
takes action when she is betrayed
I'm Diana robbers fiance save my prayers
for the wedding day the church the
estate campus in the first place
a pastor faces a huge challenge in God's
not dead a light in darkness how do we
actually know that our values are any
more valid than anyone elses see what's
hot in theatres with this week's fantasy
patient
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]